v1.16: Multimodal search (#3312)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/settings.mdx

`indexingEmbedder` and `searchEmbedder` are incompatible with all other embedder sources.

##### `indexingFragments` <NoticeTag type="experimental" label="experimental" />

<Note>
This is an experimental feature. Use the Meilisearch Cloud UI or the experimental features endpoint to activate it:

```sh
curl \
  -X PATCH 'MEILISEARCH_URL/experimental-features/' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{
    "multimodal": true
  }'
```
</Note>

`indexingFragments` specifies which fields in your documents should be used to generate multimodal embeddings. It must be an object with the following structure:

```json
  "FRAGMENT_NAME": {
    "value": {
      …
    }
  }
```

`FRAGMENT_NAME` can be any valid string. It must contain a single field, `value`. `value` must then follow your chosen model's specifications.

> For example, for Voyage AI's text and image embedder, `value` must be an array containing a single object with a `type` field. Depending on `type`'s value, you must include either `text`, `image_url`, or `image_base64`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for Voyage AI's text and image embedder, `value` must be an object containing a `content` field, which itself contains an array of objects with a `type` field. Depending on `type`'s value, you must include either `text`, `image_url`, or `image_base64`:
```
